Add README for IPv6 ND suppression. (#3262)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/interface/ip/ipv6_ND/otg_tests/suppress_ipv6_nd_ra_test/README.md

# RT-5.11: Suppress IPv6 ND Router Advertisement

## Summary

Validate IPv6 ND Router Advertisement (RA) is suppresed. No periodic RA are sent.

## Procedure
*   Connect DUT port-1 to OTG port-1
*   Configure IPv6 address on DUT port-1
*   Set IPv6 ND RA transmission interval on DUT port-1 to 5 seconds
*   Enable IPv6 ND RA suppression on DUT port-1

### TestCase-1: No periodical Router Advertisement are sent

*   Verify over period of 10 seconds that IPv6 ND RA **doesn't** arrives on OTG Port-1 ([rfc4861 section 6.2.1](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4861#section-6.2.1))

> ### TestCase-2: Router Advertisement response is sent to Router Solicitation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### RT-5.11.2: Router Advertisement response is sent to Router Solicitation
```
